dx-825 vipps redirect in steps (#309)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/vipps/redirect.md

## Introduction

* When the payer starts the purchase process, you make a `POST` request towards
  Swedbank Pay with the collected `Purchase` information. This will generate a

>   payment object with a unique `paymentID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  payment with a unique `id`.
```

* To receive the state of the transaction you need to do a `GET`

>   request containing the `paymentID` generated in the first step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  request containing the `id` of the payment generated in the first step.
```

On that page as well as in the `callbackUrl`, you need to perform an HTTP `GET`
request towards the `id` of the payment to inspect its status.

## Step 3: Get the transaction state

The `GET`request below will give you the transaction state of the payment.

> The `paymentId` used below was provided in the fist step when creating a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `id` of the payment used below was provided in the first step when creating a
```

purchase.

{:.code-header}
**Request**

```http

> GET /psp/{{ payment_instrument }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/ HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: I don't think `payment_instrument` will have a value here.

```suggestion
GET /psp/vipps/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/ HTTP/1.1
```

        VippsApi-->>SwedbankPay: Response
        SwedbankPay-->>Browser: Authorization response (State=Pending)
        note left of Browser: Check your phone

        VippsApi-->>VippsApp: Confirm Payment UI
        activate VippsApp
          VippsApp-->>VippsApp: Confirmation dialogue
          VippsApp-->>VippsApi: Confirmation
        deactivate VippsApp

        VippsApi-->>SwedbankPay: Make payment
        activate SwedbankPay
          SwedbankPay-->>SwedbankPay: Execute payment
          SwedbankPay-->>VippsApi: Response
        deactivate SwedbankPay
      deactivate VippsApi

      SwedbankPay-->>SwedbankPay: Authorize result
      SwedbankPay-->>Browser: Authorize result
    deactivate SwedbankPay

    Browser-->>Merchant: Redirect to merchant
    activate Merchant
      note left of Browser: Redirect to merchant

      SwedbankPay-->>Merchant: Payment callback
      activate SwedbankPay
        Merchant-->>SwedbankPay: GET <payment.id>
        note left of Merchant: Second API request
        SwedbankPay-->>Merchant: Payment resource
        Merchant-->>Browser: Display authorize result
      deactivate SwedbankPay
    deactivate Merchant
  deactivate Browser
```

> ### Intent

Reviewer: I don't think `Intent` is suitable as a header here?
